DOCS-1247-PGD-6.0-Docs (#6763)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/6/reference/transaction-streaming.mdx

Default value is `auto`.

> Changing this setting requires a restart of the pglogical receiver process for each subscription for the setting to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a change to this setting to take effect, restart the pglogical receiver process for each subscription.
```
